API and Gateway v8 (#2097)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| DM             | 1  | a direct message between users                                                                                                                       |
| GUILD_VOICE    | 2  | a voice channel within a server                                                                                                                      |
| GROUP_DM       | 3  | a direct message between multiple users                                                                                                              |
| GUILD_CATEGORY | 4  | an [organizational category](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001580171-Channel-Categories-101) that contains up to 50 channels      |
| GUILD_NEWS     | 5  | a channel that [users can follow and crosspost into their own server](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360032008192)                    |
| GUILD_STORE    | 6  | a channel in which game developers can [sell their game on Discord](https://discord.com/developers/docs/game-and-server-management/special-channels) |

###### Example Guild Text Channel

> 

Reviewer: I believe that it's only displayed as a single object because it's internally represented as a single object, there are examples for each channel type though

Receiving:

| Field | Type      | Description                   |
|-------|-----------|-------------------------------|
| id    | snowflake | role or user id               |

> | type  | int       | either 0 (role) or 1 (member) |

Reviewer: 3 times in this file it says `int` but the rest of the docs say `integer`

Author: We are so inconsistent in this. Main docs use integer, sdk uses int :( I'll rectify this in some other commit so it's not literally every file touched.

| allow | string    | permission bit set     |
| deny  | string    | permission bit set     |

Sending:

| Field | Type      | Description                   |
|-------|-----------|-------------------------------|
| id    | snowflake | role or user id               |
| type  | int       | either 0 (role) or 1 (member) |
| allow | string    | permission bit set            |

> | deny  | string    | permission bit set            |

Reviewer: If permissions can't be sent as ints now, then these tables shouldn't be duplicated anymore, as they are the same now (I only separated these when _new fields were added)

Reviewer: tpcstld says permissions can still be sent as ints or strings, but this PR changes it (in multiple places) to only say they can be sent as strings; Is sending it as ints considered deprecated or was this mistakenly changed?

Reviewer 2: @msciotti we might want to talk about this :'D

* For the time being, the API is definitely going to support both JSON int and strings, since we just cast it to a number internally.
* Nevertheless, our official clients will only ever send strings.
* It is entirely up to you whether or not we want to publicly deprecate ints here.

My 2 cents is maybe keep ints here and deprecate in the future if we have to? /shrug Or say that we prefer strings here?

###### JSON Params

| Field    | Type                | Description                               |
|----------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| messages | array of snowflakes | an array of message ids to delete (2-100) |

## Edit Channel Permissions % PUT /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/permissions/{overwrite.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/overwrite-object}

Edit the channel permission overwrites for a user or role in a channel. Only usable for guild channels. Requires the `MANAGE_ROLES` permission. Returns a 204 empty response on success. For more information about permissions, see [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS/permissions).

###### JSON Params

| Field | Type   | Description                                     |
|-------|--------|-------------------------------------------------|
| allow | string | the bitwise value of all allowed permissions    |
| deny  | string | the bitwise value of all disallowed permissions |

> | type  | string | "member" for a user or "role" for a role        |

Reviewer 3: Why is this still a string, when the API returns numbers? Is that intended, or is that just an oversight? 👀

Reviewer: docs oversight, should say number

Author: Fixed in latest

> | type  | string | "0" for "role" or "1" for "member"                  |

Reviewer: its an int here, only string in audit log `options`
```suggestion
| type  | integer | 0 for a role or 1 for a member                  |
```
